　　No matter how employees feel about work, their primary motivation to work is to earn a living. People’s attitudes toward their jobs are related to the nature of their work and the rewards they receive. For the factory worker, work is a necessary evil which merely ensures survival. The corporation president sees work as a way of obtaining material goods far beyond what is necessary for survival. The teacher and the librarian, although not highly paid, find intellectual stimulation and personal gratification in their jobs.
　　One’s job in the United States is an important facet of personal identity. “What do you do?” (i.e., for a living) is synonymous with “What are you?” In American English, asking a child, “What do you want to BE when you grow up?” really means, “What kind of work do you want to DO?” Since the American society places a stronger emphasis on “doing” (including producing) than on “being,” work is one of the most important activities in an individual’s life. In addition, what a person “does” helps to determine that person’s prestige. A lawyer has more prestige than a bus driver; a nurse can claim more prestige than a waitress or a waiter. 
　　Attitudes toward work in the United States have been greatly influenced by the “work ethic.” Also called the “Puritan Ethic” or the “Protestant Ethic,” it motivates people to work hard in order to become successful. The “work ethic” imbues work with the quality of goodness. It originated with the Puritan colonists from England, who came to North America in the 1600’s. The ethic was an outcome of the religious belief that material success was a sign of God’s favor, and that those who achieved this success were among God’s “chosen” and would go to heaven. 
　　Whether or not success was achieved, work attained religious and moral value as illustrated in the expression, “The devil makes work for idle hands.” For the seventeenth-century Puritan colonists in the New England, work was a religious virtue. The work ethic is still important (particularly in the middle and upper classes), even though it has lost its religious significance. An outcome of this American work value is materialism: the tendency to be concerned with wealth and possession. 
　　In the United States there is a belief that people are rewarded for working, producing, and achieving. Many people believe that there is equality of opportunity that allows anyone to become successful. This belief is illustrated by stories written by a nineteenth-century American novelist, Horatio Alger, who wrote about the “American Dream.” In his stories he described poor people who became rich because of their hard work, honesty, and luck. The stories reinforced the idea that all individuals, no matter how poor, were capable of becoming wealthy as long as they were diligent and virtuous. For many Americans, however, Horatio Alger’s “rags-to-riches” stories do not represent the reality of opportunity. Many poor immigrants who came to the United States in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries were able to rise on the social and economic scales. Today, however, the poor generally do not rise to the middle and upper classes. “American Dream” is now described as a myth; it is still difficult for several million Americans to “get ahead.” 
　　There are some people, however, who do succeed in raising their economic and social levels. “Upward (occupational) mobility” or “climbing the ladder” are terms that refer to one’s advancement in work. Many employees have a succession of jobs that constitute a career. Some businesses, organizations, government agencies, and firms provide employees with the opportunities to progress to higher positions. Promotions and increased responsibility generally bring higher salaries. 
　　Rewards for achievement in work are personal as well as financial. There is increased job satisfaction when employees have the opportunity to develop creative and intellectual skills. Gaining recognition from fellow workers, supervisors, and managers gives one a sense of importance and identity in society. 
　　There are people who are especially attracted to the notion of “climbing the ladder” so as to increase their status, financial position, and sense of self-worth. In part, as a result of the work ethic, these people are internally “driven” to work. Not infrequently, foreign visitors have observed that Americans spend an inordinate amount of time working and, as a consequence, Americans have little time for leisure or personal relationships. In American English a new word has been created to describe people who work compulsively. The word “workaholic” describes an individual who is as addicted to work as an alcoholic is to liquor. 
　　There are conflicting points of view about workaholics. Those concerned with problems of mental stress believe workaholics abuse themselves physically and mentally. Others hold that workaholics are valuable members of society because they are extremely productive. The American culture values achievement, efficiency, and production—a workaholic upholds these values. 
　　Despite the presence of workaholics, there is a growing realization in the United States that excessive work demands can be physically and mentally harmful. Many people have been rebelling against the work ethic, claiming that when a job is so important, personal relationships suffer and relaxation becomes secondary. Consequently there has been a shift in values, with more emphasis being given to personal relationships and non-work activities. Leisure time provides opportunities to find personal satisfaction and freedom from the routine of work. 
　　Increased leisure time in the United States has not altered the idea that work and play are distinct activities. This distinction is clear-cut; there are “work-hours” and “after-work-hours.” There is a belief that it is desirable “to work hard and play hard” and undesirable to combine the two. In many offices, stores, and factories socializing among employees is discouraged. An employee under pressure at work often cannot afford to respond to social calls and visits. However, the amount of personal contact on the job depends on the nature of the work. There may be more social interaction between teachers in a school than between scientists doing independent research. Nevertheless, work and play are usually perceived and maintained as separate activities. 
　　People are ambivalent toward work; it is, at the same time, glorified and belittled. In the words of former President Richard Nixon: “ The ‘work ethic’ holds that labor is good in itself; that a man or woman becomes a better person by virtue of the act of working. America’s competitive spirit, the ‘work ethic’ of this people, is alive and well…” Another viewpoint is expressed in an Anacin (aspirin) commercial: “I like my job and am good at it, but it sure grinds me down sometimes, and the last thing I need to take home is a headache.” 
31. The main theme of the reading is_________. 
A. values and attitudes toward work 
B. the employer-employee relationships 
C. materialism and competition in the work world  
D. the relationship between work and relaxation 
32. One outcome of the “ work ethic” is a concern with_________. 
A. spiritualism     
B. materialism     
C. religion     
D. opportunities
33. The “American Dream” is the belief that______.
A. honesty and luck are American characteristics 
B. all hard-working individuals will end up wearing rags 
C. any individual can achieve wealth 
D. “rags-to-riches” stories are not real 
34．The author states that workaholics _______. 
A. abuse themselves physically and mentally 
B. are highly productive members of society 
C. are somewhat like slaves to work 
D. both A and B 
35. Why have some people begun to place less emphasis on work and more on non- work activities? 
A. They realize that having friends is not as necessary as working. 
B. They realize that excessive work demands can be harmful to their health.
C. They realize that work is not useful. 
D. They realize that work should be placed in secondary place compared with relaxation. 
36. Why don’t some people socialize with their co-workers on the job? 
A. They consider work and play separate activities. 
B. They have nothing in common with their fellow workers. 
C. They feel that socializing with them will create problems at home. 
D. They feel that socializing with them will create problems at workplace. 


　　　The environment and the emerging information economy are two issues most vital to the future of my business, and perhaps the world. To me, these topics seem intimately linked. Perhaps this is partly because I work for Mitsubishi Electric, an electronics company, and I see our impacts on the environment. But my most important lessons about the link among business, the environment, and the economy did not come from my company. I learned them in the forest. 
　　　On my trip to Asia, I visited the Malaysian rain forest. What I learned changed my life as a corporate executive. 
　　　I learned that saving the rain forests in fact, saving the environment is more than an environmental necessity. It is a business opportunity. In our case, it is an opportunity to pursue business opportunities that use creativity and technology to substitute for trees, for resources of any kind. 
　　　I learned something else in the rain forest, too, something more profound. I learned how we might operate our company not just to save the rain forest, but to be more like the rain forest. 
　　　To be agile and creative, we must structure our company so that we are a learning organization. Not top-down, but bottom-up. Not centralized, but decentralized. Not limited by rules, but motivated by objectives. Not structured like a machine which cannot learn but like a living system, which can. 
　　　When I visited the rain forest, I realized that it was a model of the perfect learning organization, a place that excels by learning to adapt to what it doesn't have. A rain forest has almost no resources. The soil is thin. There are few nutrients. It consumes almost nothing. Wastes are food. Design is capital. So my model for Mitsubishi Electric  is an organization that is like a rain forest in those respects. 
　　　Rain forests have no productive assets, yet they are incredibly productive. They are home to millions of types of plants and animals more than two-thirds of all biodiversity in the world. Those plants and animals are so perfectly mixed that the system is more efficient, and more creative, than any business in the world. 
　　　If we ran our companies like the rain forest, imagine how creative, how productive, how ecologically benign we could be. We can begin by operating less like a machine and more like a living system. At Mitsubishi Electric, we have begun to adopt an environmental management system founded on principles of industrial ecology. For us, this means two things: First, we must have our eyes wide open and see the environmental costs and benefits of our business. Second, based on what we see, we must take action: See costs and reduce them. See benefits and increase them. See needs and fill them. 
　　　When I visited the rain forest, I realized that, as business people, we have been looking at the rain forest all wrong. What is valuable about the rain forest is not the trees, which we can take out. What is valuable is the design, the relationships, from which comes the real value of the forest. When we take trees from the forest, we can ruin its design. But when we take lessons from the forest, we further its purpose. We can develop the human ecosystem into as intricate and creative a system as we find in the rain forest. We can do more with less; grow without shrinking. 
　　　While the rain forest has many design principles, let's discuss three: 
　　　Differentiate. Be yourself, be unique. In the rain forest, conformity leads to extinction. If two organisms have the same niche, only one survives. The other adapts or dies. The same thing happens in today's economy. If two businesses have the same niche, making exactly the same product, only one survives. The other adapts or dies. Most companies today are trying to be the one that survives by cutting costs, radically downsizing, desperately seeking the lowest cost. 
　　　It's smarter to differentiate. Create unique products, different from any others. Fill unique niches. Don't kill our competitors or be killed by them sidestep them instead. Only then is it time to reduce costs and grow more efficient. 
　　　Cooperate. Today, many people think competitiveness is the key to business success, but such thinking is out of date. Today, as we grow different, we learn that none of us is whole. We need each other to fill in our gaps. For example, at my company, we no longer look to grow bigger simply by acquiring more and more companies as subsidiaries. Instead, we are engaging in cooperative joint ventures with many others. Each company retains its independence, its specialty, and its core competence. Together we benefit from our diversity. 
　　　Be a good fit. We used to say only the fittest survives; only one can be the winner. But the rain forest has many winners. 
　　　The same can be true in our economy. In this new, diverse, rain-forest economy, it is not a question of who is most fit. It is a question of where we best fit. If we fit if we solve a social problem, fulfill a social need we will survive and excel. If we only create problems, we will not.
　　　I am often asked whether the needs of the corporation and the needs of the environment are in conflict. I do not believe they are. In the long run, they cannot be. 
　　　Conventional wisdom is that the highest mission of a corporation is to maximize profits and return to shareholders. That is a myth. It has never been true. Profit is just money a medium of exchange. You always trade it for something else. So profits are not an end; they are a means to an end. 
　　　My philosophy is this: We don't run our business to earn profits. We earn profits to run our business. Our business has meaning and purpose a reason to be here. 
　　　People talk today about business needing to be socially responsible, as if this is Paper A 7 / 9 something new we need to do, on top of everything else we do. But social responsibility is not something that one should do as an extra benefit of the business. The whole essence of the business should be social responsibility. It must live for a purpose. Otherwise, why should it live at all?
　　　 What I learned from the rain forest is easy to understand. We can use less and have more. It is the only way, for the interests of business and the interests of the environment are not incompatible. 
37. The author unexpectedly learned important lessons from ______.
A. his experience as a corporate-executive 
B. working with a successful business 
C. his visit to the rain forest 
D. his company’s impacts on the environment 
38. The author thinks that saving the environment is a business opportunity in that____. 
A. many new products can be developed as substitutes for forest products 
B. creativity and technology can be applied in order to save resources 
C. people’s potential for creativity can be tapped to its full 
D. companies can make a lot of money during the process
39. To model Mitsubishi Electric on a rain forest, the author’s idea is that the company should ____.
A. learn to be as adaptable as a rain forest 
B. consume no resources of its own 
C. be as productive as a rain forest 
D. use all its wastes 
40. In the author’s opinion, people have been looking at the rain forest all wrong without realizing that the rain forest_____. 
A. is more valuable than we think it is 
B. has its own unique design principles 
C. has far more biodiversity than we believe 
D. has a wide variety of trees that people can see 
41. A company can survive in this highly competitive economy by _____.
A. reducing the number of its employees
B. cutting its costs as much as possible 
C. developing unique products 
D. defeating its competitors 
42. The author does not consider competitiveness as the key to success in today’s world because ______. 
A. competition is no longer as sharp as it used to be 
B. it is now more difficult to acquire other companies
C. being independent ensures the success of a company 
D. cooperative joint ventures will benefit all the partners 
43. To be a good fit, a business should try to _____. 
A. maximize its prof            
B. identify social problems 
C. defeat the others             
D. fulfill social needs 
44. According to the author, the most important thing for a business is ______. 
A. survival and excellence in everything       
B. social responsibility 
C. high economic returns                   
D. efficient management
45. Which one of the following can best serve as a title for the whole passage? 
A. Competition and cooperation 
B. Social responsibility and business development 
C. Business lessons from the rain forest 
D. How can a company survive in a competitive world